DAY 1 (23/04/2020) 4hrs 29min:

Today I started to develop a landing page for my mom's beauty salon. So I searched a lot for ideas to get some inspiration and I think now I have a clue of what I'm going
to build. I'm going to make it with HTML+CSS+JS, to get more practice with this stack because I went too deep into Reactjs without building something serious with
this. I found a template, which has some things that I can get from it. I started the project setting my config to automatize the scss conversion into css with npm
scripts. Also I have made the folder structure for the BEM method that I have learned from Jonas's CSS Advanced course. In conclusion, the header with a CTA button
is done and under it is the navbar, which is unusual so I'm not sure about this. Anyway, thats it for today, I have to ask the client (my mom lul) for the requirements
that she wants. I will give her some ideas, but I will do that tomorrow.

DAY 2 (27/04/2020) 2hr 23min:

I'm back into this project. I got some requirements that I have on a piece of paper. First of all, I changed the background image for one where the hair looks cleaner.
Then I started to do the service categories section. I had a little trouble with the icons, but it is working. Then I have made the partners section, which includes
the logos of brands that the salon uses, like loreal professionnel or alterego. It is responsive, with a hierarchy that shows the main brands and then the specific
product line.

DAY 3 (29/04/2020) 1hr:

So today I added 3 sections to the home page: The 'Our Work' section, which displays 3 images of services done. Also the 'discount' section, which for now displays a CTA
button to contact the salon and finally a 'Our Products' section, which displays 3 images of products that are being selled at the salon.

DAY 4 (12/05/2020) 1hr:

Today I did searched for all the products images that are required to appear in the web, with their respective description. Then I made a simple layout to display them in
a new html, which is currently located pressing products in the navbar. In the future, I will have to make a button that goes to that page.

DAY 5 (14/05/2020) 1hr:

At first I was going to do the services page, but I remembered that I wanted to make a review section in the index.html, so I have made the design for the reviews.

DAY 6 (16/05/2020) 50min:

Today I searched for real reviews in the facebook page and put them in the reviews section. Also I have made a button to see all the reviews in facebook. Finally I searched
for an image to put at the reviews background.